# IDCE30274 Final Project

This project uses Python language to calculate domestic flight frequencies for input countries and compare the result by displaying on the same histogram. The codes and data of this project are sourced from Lab 5, Analyzing Airport Data, and the data can be found in the data folder. Instead of plotting the global flight distance frequencies in the output histogram, I twisted the code and led the output result to display domestic flight frequencies based on distances between two input countries. Users can select two countries as inputs based on their interests. The script will search for airports with country tags the same as the input and store those airports' names and geographic information in empty lists and dictionaries. The script then uses the geo_distance.py from Lab 5 with longitude and latitude data of departure and destination airports to calculate flight distances. For better statistical comparison, the script calculates the average domestic flight distances for both inputs. Finally, the script uses the plotting functions from the pyplot library and plots domestic flight distances based on selected distance bins and average distance values for both input countries. Notice that the y-axis displays frequencies in the log instead of regular numbers. This is because some countries may have huge populations and cause the flight frequency differences for the same distance bin too large, which is difficult for users to acquire valuable information. This script only and requires taking two input variables. In the future, I will improve the code by letting users decide how many countries they want to compare. 
